hey guys what's happening it's Irish
iphone tutorials and today I'm going to
be coming to you with another video and
this is the top 5 cydia tweaks for
august and kind of sep tember cuz since
it's coming up to the end of august so i
hope you guys enjoy i believe this is
the fourth episode i brought out so sit
back guys and enjoy the tweaks right
guys come on in to number five spot we
have a free tweak called power options
it's available on mon my repo and what
it pretty much does is if you hold down
the button to turn off your phone it
should give you a pop up with loads of
extra offerings now this is handy
because if i under re spring or anything
i'm usually going into winterboard like
putting the team on and off just so I
get to respring option so this it has
everything available for me in a little
drop down menu so yeah it is pretty
handy that's called power options guys
all right guys in the number four spot
we have a tweak of progress percent what
it pretty much does is add a download
percentage bio to stuff you get from the
app store so I've already started
downloading the little act and as you
can see there is a percentage very
underneath and yeah so that's progress
percent goes right guys in the number
three spot we have a tweak called TV
locker pro and this is a lockscreen
tweak and what it pretty much does is
gives you the same effect that you can
get out of springtomize to and pretty
much gives you the cool retro TV effect
so that's pretty cool I don't usually
use it just because how i don't really
like it but uh i guess i could put it in
the top five tweaks you can disable and
enable it from settings and it isn't
springtomize to i just couldn't find it
so I'm someone decided to bring it out
as a separate week and I just got it
I'll play it again a few guys in slow
motion so you can see it and yeah that's
it guys TV laughs at all right guys in
the number two spot we have a tweak
called status bulletin and what's Alice
politan does is it squeezes your big
bulletin bear that you usually get into
the satisfy now you may think all the
text is really small and all what
probably looks like but it actually
doesn't if you want my photos here we
can see right there
over the top that there is a bulletin
bear squeezed into the saddest bear and
to me it does look pretty sick I talked
just by reading the description that I
wouldn't like it but it's actually
pretty cool I'm sorry I couldn't catch
for you guys in action but it's very
hard to catch a notification in action
on camera so I just took a screenshot of
when I actually got one so that is
pretty cool i like it and i believe it
is called status bulletin right guys
coming in at the number one spot we have
a tweak called dash and what this pretty
much is is another app switcher and i'm
going to go through this briefly but are
too in depth because I probably gonna do
another video on it just because it's so
awesome so I did have it set to short
hold and as you can see here it looks
sick it's an app switcher like
this and you know it is pretty awesome
and it's really clean there's no lag out
of it all and you can change a lot of
settings with so that's called dash guys
and it's pretty cute so I hope you guys
enjoyed the top five cydia tweaks of
august and sep tember school back in two
days so we'll see how the video
uploading schedule goes but I hope you
guys stick with me and I guess I'll see
you guys later leave a like and body